Here you are analyzing the threat scenario image to
identify the threat actors and potential motivations.
There are two individuals in the image and both are considered threat actors.
Remember that threats can be internal or external,
and they can be intentional or unintentional.
In this case, it appears that Holly is an external malicious hacker,
while Mary is an oblivious insider threat.
Determining motivation is an art more than a science.
Sometimes you have to do research and hypothesize.
Based on the information available,
it seems Holly is a financially motivated cyber criminal.
We know that she targeted the finance executive and she sent
a link to a fake login page to potentially steal Mary's login credentials.
We don't know yet what she may be trying to do with that,
but you can start to get a sense of what she might be up to.
Another thing to consider here is that sometimes
external and internal threat actors may collaborate to carry out attacks.
It's important to keep that in mind when thinking about
the behavior and potential motivation of threat actors.
Don't rule threat actors out without thinking about this.